Review section for Chart Control. (#609)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/chart/axes/overview.md

# .NET MAUI Chart Axes

> The Cartesian Chart plots data points in a coordinate system defined by its two axes. Instead of having one axis type that does hundreds of information, axes provides a hierarchy where each concrete axis type exposes a specific functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cartesian Chart plots data points in a coordinate system defined by its two axes. Instead of having one axis type that tries to represent various types of information, the two axes provide a hierarchy where each concrete axis type exposes a specific functionality.
```
